Update 04.experiment-types.md (#103)
jessegmeyerlab/proteomics-tutorial: content/04.experiment-types.md

Studies of phosphorylation and glycosylation share several experimental pipeline steps including sample preparation. 
Protein clean-up approaches for glycoproteomics may differ from other proteomics experiments because glycopeptides are more hydrophilic than most peptides. 
Some approaches mentioned in literature include: filter-aided sample preparation (FASP), suspension traps (S-traps), and protein aggregation capture (PAC) [@doi:10.1038/s43586-022-00128-4; @doi:10.1038/nmeth.1322 ; @doi:10.1002/pmic.201300553; @doi:10.1074/mcp.TIR118.001270; @doi:10.1021/acs.jproteome.8b00505; @doi:10.1021/acs.analchem.0c04726; @doi:10.26434/chemrxiv.13487364.v1].
Multiple proteases may be used to increase the sequence coverage and detect more modification sites, such as: trypsin, chymotrypsin, Pepsin, WaLP/MaLP [@DOI:10.1074/mcp.M113.034710], GluC, AspN, Pronase, Proteinase K,  OgpA, StcEz, BT4244, AM0627, AM1514, AM0608, Pic, ZmpC, CpaA, IMPa, PNGase F, Endo F, Endo H, and OglyZOR [@doi:10.1038/s43586-022-00128-4].

> Mass spectrometry has improved over the past decade so that now more strategies are available for glycoprotein structure elucidation and also for glycosylation site quantification [@doi:10.1038/s43586-022-00128-4]. See also section "AminooxyTMT Isobaric Mass Tags" for more on quantitative glycoproteomics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mass spectrometry has improved over the past decade so that now more strategies are available for glycoprotein structure elucidation and also for glycosylation site quantification [@doi:10.1038/s43586-022-00128-4]. 
See also section "AminoxyTMT Isobaric Mass Tags" for more on quantitative glycoproteomics.
```

In addition, careful experimental design and data analysis are critical for accurate identification and interpretation of protein-protein interactions.
AP-MS has been used to study a wide range of biological processes, including signal transduction pathways, protein complex dynamics, and protein post-translational modifications. 
AP-MS has been performed on a whole proteome scale as part of the BioPlex project [@DOI:10.1016/j.cell.2015.06.043; @DOI:10.1038/nature22366; @DOI:10.1016/j.cell.2021.04.011].
Despite its widespread use, AP-MS has some limitations, including the potential for non-specific interactions, the difficulty in interpreting complex data sets, and the possibility of missing important interacting partners due to limitations in sensitivity or specificity. 
However, with continued advances in technology and data analysis methods, AP-MS is likely to remain a valuable tool for the study of protein-protein interactions.

#### APEX peroxidase [@doi:10.1038/nbt.2375; @DOI:10.1126/science.1230593]

> APEX-MS is a labeling technique that utilises a peroxidase fused to a protein of interest. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APEX-MS is a labeling technique that utilizes a peroxidase genetically fused to a protein of interest. 
```
